Support for Gazebo materials (#2269)
gazebosim/gz-sim: tutorials/migration_sdf.md

## Materials

Gazebo does not support Ogre material files like Classic does, because Gazebo

> Gazebo can be used with multiple rendering engines. For example, materials defined

Reviewer: Gazebo Gazebo? Probably caused by ignition->gazebo renames

> can be used with multiple rendering engines. For example, materials defined
> within a `<script>` aren't supported on Gazebo:

Reviewer: Saying they aren't supported here is somewhat confusing even though further below, we mention that there's some level of support.

```suggestion
can be used with multiple rendering engines. There is limited support for pre-defined materials, but arbitrary materials defined within a `<script>` aren't supported:
```

        </material>
```

Although, there is limited parsing capabilities available in Gazebo to support pre-defined materials.
To make your models compatible with both simulators, you can use these alternatives:

### Plain colors

> Plain solid colors are automatically parsed if encountered, for example, this material from

Reviewer: This makes it sound like solid colors from other material files are supported, which is not the case. Can you clarify that it is only the `gazebo.material` file shipped with Gazebo that is supported?
